Mithril update 2025-02-26 (#550)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-02-26-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-02-26-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database: they kept stabilizing features and preparing for production readiness. They worked on supporting the upcoming Cardano node v10.2. Additionally, they worked on thoroughly documenting the certification process for each type of data which can be certified by Mithril.
> 
> Finally, the team completed cleaning up legacy code from the 'Thales' era, and they started to work on a slave mode for the aggregator signer registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, focusing on feature stabilization and production readiness. They also worked on supporting the upcoming Cardano node v.10.2 and documenting the certification process for each certifiable data type.

Finally, the team completed cleaning up legacy code from the 'Thales' era and started working on a slave mode for the aggregator signer registration.
```
